(1) azelplot README
-------------------------------------------------------
by Ronni Grapenthin, 26 May 2013

azelplot is a fork of Steve Hilla's cf2sky, a program that generates
a GMT script with corresponding input files, which will plot these
data (in UNAVCO's compact 2 file format) in a skyplot (azimuth-elevation). 

cf2sky was originally for Windows; azelplot can be considered the 
Linux port. It should compile under Windows, but I never tested it
and I doubt the file formats will cooperate. 

Under (2) you find the original instructions by Steve Hilla. Those
explain where to get and how to install some of the required packages.

I added a Makefile to this version, which you should review and
edit to meet your needs: 

> make all

will create a binary ``azelplot'' and copy this to /usr/local/bin.

> azelplot INPUTFILE

Is how to call the program. INPUTFILE is a configuration file that
contains the following information in the respective lines (see
okfg194.inp):

Line-no		Expected Information
--------------------------------------------------------------------
1		Title in the output plot
2		Plot start time (YYYY MM DD HH MM SS)
3		Plot end time 
4		Orbitfile (incl. path) in SP3a format
5		Cutoff angle, no information will be shown below
		that angle.
6		Rinex observation file (incl. path)
7		Data file to be plotted (in UNAVCO compact 2 
		format), if it ends in `.rms' the output unit 
		will be `cm', else `m'
( 8		Highlight start time )
( 9		Highlight end time )

The last 2 lines are optional. When used the indicated section
will be highlighted in red. If INPUTFILE is not given, the 
program looks for file ``azelplot.inp'' in the current directory.

Calling azelplot will create several output files, one is 
xxxx*.bat, where xxxx is a 4-char station ID. This is a GMT 
shell script that needs to be executed to generate the plot.
The other output file is cleanup*.bat, which can be called 
after the plot has been generated to delete all the temporary 
files.

The package comes with a ``test'' directory which contains the
orbit file, rinex file, phase delay file (.rms), and INPUTFILE
(rvbm_094.inp) to plot phase delay on 2009-04-04 along the 
skytracks of the satellites.

(2) Instructions for compiling and using program CF2SKY
-------------------------------------------------------
by Steve Hilla, 22 March 2004

The CF2SKY program requires four *.cpp files and five *.h files: consts.h,
physcon.h, datetime.h, rinex.h, intrpsp3.h, skyplot.cpp, datetime.cpp,
rinex.cpp, and intrpsp3.cpp. The program was originally compiled
using Borland C++ Builder Professional Version 5.0 (Build 12.34) Update Pack 
1.  It was compiled on a PC running Windows NT 4.0 Build 1381: Service
Pack 6.  If you are using Borland C++ Builder, you should be able to load
these files into a directory and get the program to compile; the other files
you need are cf2sky.bpr, and cf2sky.bpf.  The last two files are
specific to Borland C++ Builder.

There are four example data files included: cha22170.02o, brdc2170.02n,
cha22171.02o, and cha22171.mp1.  The first two files can be run through TEQC
to create the third and fourth.  The CF2SKY program can be used on the *.mp1
file, the cha22171.02o file, and the brdc2170.02n file to create a postscript
file called skyplot.ps .  


Other files:

A PC-executable file is included: cf2sky.exe.  One should be able to run
this program on the example TEQC plot file, cha22171.mp1, to create a
postscript file called skyplot.ps using the given cf2sky.inp file.
This can only be done if the GMT software is loaded on the PC.  The 
resulting PostScript file, skyplot.ps, can then be viewed or printed if 
the Ghostview software is installed on the PC.


Installing GMT and Ghostview:

A Vol.6, No.3 paper "A new plotting program for Windows-based TEQC users",
gave the details about where to find GMT and Ghostview and what files to
read for instructions on how to install these software suites on your PC.
For convenience, the instructions are repeated below (see "Downloading
TEQC, GMT, and Ghostview").

After installing the GMT (Generic Mapping Tools) software on the PC make
sure that it is working by typing a GMT program name at the DOS command
prompt (e.g. type 'gmtset').  This should start the gmtset program that
is part of GMT and give you the usage message for program gmtset.  If this
does not occur then the GMT software is not yet active on your PC and you
will not be able to successfully run program cf2sky.exe.

After installing the Ghostview software you can verify it is working by
running the gsview32.exe program from its icon on your desktop and then
trying to view the example skyplot.ps file included on the website.



Downloading TEQC, GMT, and Ghostview:

The TEQC program can be downloaded from the UNAVCO website:
http://www.unavco.ucar.edu/data_support/software/teqc/teqc.html
From the main TEQC page, scroll down to the section entitled Microsoft Windows
and DOS zip files. Then download the appropriate zip file for your PC's operating system.

The Generic Mapping Tools (GMT) software can be found at the University of Hawaii, School
of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology website: http://gmt.soest.hawaii.edu
Scroll down to the section entitled "GMT master and mirror sites".  Click on one of the
mirrorsites and download the README.GMT file.  All of the files needed for Windows-users
are listed as *.zip files; this file explains what each *.zip file contains. To start out
simple, the reader may wish to download only the following files:
GMT_exe.zip, GMT_share.zip, GMT_suppl_exe.zip,GMT_pdf.zip, and netcdf-3.5.0.win32bin.zip.

The CF2SKY program uses GMT to create fairly simple XY-plots.
But the GMT software can also be used to generate high-quality maps 
using several different coastline data sets.  The reader may wish to download these 
different coastline files later on for the purpose of building maps.  There are also
source code files that the reader may wish to download at a later time.  Once the GMT
software has been unzipped, examine the README.WIN32 file in the main GMT directory for
instructions on how to configure your PC to run GMT. 

The AFPL Ghostscript software is available from the Computer Science Department at the 
University of Wisconsin:   http://www.cs.wisc.edu/~ghost
First click on "Obtaining AFPL Ghostscript 7.04". The acronym AFPL stands for "Alladin
Free Public License".   Then scroll down to the section entitled "Windows 95, 98, ME,
NT, 2000 or XP".   Download the files gs704w32.exe and gsv43w32.exe.  Execute the first
file to install Ghostscript version 7.04.  Then run gsv43w32.exe to install GSview.

Ghostscript/GSview will require about 17 MB of disk space.  The GMT software, using
just the five *.zip files mentioned above, will require about 22 MB of disk space.
Since both of these software packages are actively maintained, the reader can expect
that each of the above mentioned websites will eventually contain future versions of
the software.

